# Project Proposal
# Group members: Danny Ullrich, Maxwell Boshaw, Caden Koscinski, Zachary Canali

For our project, we have decided to create our own Text Adventure. Our minimum for this adventure would be a simple stroll through the woods, accompanied by a sarcastic narrator and silly situations. We are being very ambitious with this project and are thinking of increasing our workload to create an entertaining adventure. We plan on including multiple choices, failures, situations, and a save system for when the player inevitably makes the wrong mistake. The whole process, however, once initially written, will become easier with each added event. The exact events to take place are still in the air, but will surely be accompanied by the judgmental tone of a sarcastic narrator. Time permitting, we will also include some puzzles, but seeing how ambitious we already are on the project, and how high the workload may already be, we may not be able to include this. Should we be able to do all of this, we might even make a second adventure for the player to choose from.

The Text Adventure itself will be very modular and to quote Danny, we will "basically be making an engine to run everything." Our motivation behind this is simply based around the idea that creating one would be fun, and our completed adventure would hopefully be even more fun to play. With what planning we have done so far, we find ourselves more involved in wanting to both create it and play it ourselves. We plan on splitting the work between us, with some of our attention being split between the main file and the story/events that occur. With four team members, the amount of work we have given ourselves becomes much less of a burden to bear. While we all have a say in what is executed and how, we mainly have two "sections" to our team: the writers, these two will collaborate and focus more on the required writing for the project and the story for the game itself, and the coders, these two will focus mainly on the implementation of the code of what the group has decided on.

What we have planned is certainly within the capabilities we have as well as within the scope of the class itself. In our work, we have been using different pieces of our different labs. A couple examples of our own classwork that we have manipulated for use on the project include our ATM program and its use of multiple classes and our ifElseDemo classwork and its use of if statements. Of course, these are just two of the many programs in which we are taking aspects from to use for our extensive adventure. Overall, I believe that our group is excited to see what we can make with the resources we have. The more time we spend out of class on the project, the more motivated we become to see it completed to its full potential. I have no doubt that the more time we spend on this project, the more we will become self-motivated to make it better, far past the requirements set in the assignment itself.
